m
gekas group of companies leading in
production
data materials use elena
for agriculture road
low rise no secrets on building
medicine and sports since 1998 company
Kyivstar has produced and implemented more than a hundred
fifty billion
square meters of unique
of materials
for agriculture group
Herpes companies produces a covering
high quality material under trade
brand fence density export meots
seventeen to sixty grams
per square meter
Agrotex is produced only
handed over the line stabilizer belt
which allows significantly
increase light resistance
material and service life up to three years for
material production
used only the best raw materials leading
Russian European
manufacturers thanks
automated production of complete
cycle and optimization of all technological
and working processes of a grad x group of companies
herpes is marketed at the most
competitive prices
near the town export fully
produced and packaged in
Russia in the Tver region
so the consumer gets
high quality material completely
adapted to Russian conditions
Yu
and covering material fencing x production
cupcake companies come in black and
white with a density of 17 to 60
grams per square meter about holes
winding up to five hundred meters wider but it
okay 1 of 6 and 3 2 meters
and in packages of ten meters
lengthy careless width of 1 and 6 3 3 2 meters
all regional warehouses are planned and
individually they allow you to post
the whole range of manufactured products
products
moving your own
a fleet of 80 percent of
cars european
production is carried out
centralized logistics service
production complex
from 20 regional offices
located in major cities
Russia and CIS countries
export awards no cann covering
material having air porous and
translucent structure
allowing whatever
the vagaries of nature getting high
harvests throughout
agricultural season
material resistant to tearing it especially
important when applying to fields and when
bonding
unlike conventional polyethylene
films this material passes
water distributing it evenly doesn't
eroding the soil without damaging the landing
acts as a barrier enclosing
plants from hail of strong bird rainfall
and insect pests
press nor winter application reliably
protects plants from damage by snow
cover at early now extends
natural peace material misses
the fresh air of the plant’s soil breathes but
At the same time, the lawyer ex significantly reduces
moisture evaporation
so graphics is intended for use in
agriculture for shelter plants
other Chervonia in hours
the material is completely eco-friendly and
safe for people and plants in 2009 in
Moscow region in the state farm named after Lenin
20 hectares were laid down
citizen density and 60 grams per
square meter in order to preserve
queen strawberries winter earlier spring
period
Well, we are on the route links
this is the one that drove the products
plants
on the map to handle in
that fatal plant material started better
and quicker to respond director of Assad
which will be here released frs
about the status of the day in the future just
Overall, the area will fit faster
will be stronger stronger glad that the way bill
to change
but that moment is this and that this and that
wiring laying
paradox that is, crumbs
replace directly
award x reduces watering rates as well as white
and black materials significantly reduces
moisture evaporation
improves quality and commercial types of vegetables
and berries protects plants from sharp
temperature drops keeps the root
system optionally prolongs the period
vegetation when applying greenhouse
farm reduces consumption
energy is
additional protection in the period
low temperatures
viagra apex increases fruit yields and
berries reduces product losses and risk
diseases
soil mulching saves money
to reduce labor costs when
weed control
in a safe way without using
herbicides creates an opportunity
agricultural producers
the output is so
early and late harvest that raises
the cost of vegetables and berries and citizens
is an investment financially
technical base for at least three
seasons